---
title: Prom 2023
excerpt: Prom products and details!
categories: [beauty]
publishedDate: 07/04/2023
tags: grwm, makeup, prom, shoes
thumbnail: "/images/prom.jpg"
---

**Outfit**

Of all of high school, I was most excited about prom. I pined dress sites for months leading up to it and I made mood boards of inspiration. My biggest goal was to find a look I loved but didn't cost as much. I chose a sage green dress with a corset and slit from Windsor. I was actually hung over the decision of an amazing dress from Boutique 1861. But I chose Windsor because of the unique style and price point. I got my shoes last minute from Oak + Fort. My dress ran a little long so I knew I wanted to have platform shoes. I opted for the Platform Open Toe Heel in White.

**Hair**

I decided on curling my hair with a titanium barrel wand to get loose, light curls. I considered some more comprehensive styles, but the light fluffiness was my favourite.

**Makeup**

_Face_

I used a damp beauty blender to apply light amounts of the Rare Beauty Positive Light Tinted Moisturizer in 24N. This gave me a nice base, to begin with. Then I used the Kosas Revealer Super Creamy + Bright Concealer in 2.5C. For blush, I used the tarte SEA Breezy Cream Blush in Pink Sky. To add some radiance, I used the Milk Makeup Cream Highlighter Stick in Lit. To finish off the face, I lightly dusted the e.l.f. Halo Glow Setting Powder in Medium.

_Eyes_

I curled the lashes with the Shiseido Eyelash Curler and coated with the Glossier Lash Slick in Black.

_Lips_

Finished off with the Laneige Lip Sleeping Mask in Berry.
